regex\_efm.vim
==========
This plugin enables you to specify errorformat in regular expression.
This plugin is for the person who knows about regular expression but doesn't know
well about vim errorformat syntax.

How to use
==========
Basic usage is very simple. set the errorformat to the variable "g:regex\_efm\_config"
in python regular expression format. And run

        :REefm file.log

        or 

        :REefmMake

Then error positions are loaded and quickfix buffer will be opened.

Regular expression syntax
----------
You can specify errorformat in python regular expression format. But you need to pass
some information to vim plugin via regular expression setting.
You need to specify the group "file", "line" and "msg". And you also need to specify
the group "dir" if you process the log which is generated by the program that changes
current directory like Unix make. 
Below is a configuration example for log of gcc with unix make.

        let g:regex\_efm\_config = "(?P<file>.+):(?P<line>[0-9]+):(?P<msg>.+$)|make.+Entering directory [`'](?P<dir>.+)'"


Commands
==========

* REefmMake
    * Run :make and process its result according to configuration specified by g:regex\_efm\_config and open
      quickfix window if some parts matches with a regular expression pattern.
* REefm file.log
    * Process file.log according to configuration specified by g:regex\_efm\_config and open
      quickfix window if some parts matches with a regular expression pattern.
* REefmC
    * Same as REefm commands except for inputs are read from clipboard.

Some additional commands are defined as a preset.

* REefmVS 
    * Set g:regex\_efm\_config like below and run REefm.
      This is for processing error log of Visual Studio C++.

                '[0-9]+>(?P<file>.+)\((?P<line>[0-9]+)(,[0-9]+)?\):(?P<msg>.+$)' 

* REefmVSC 
    * Set g:regex\_efm\_config like below and run REefmC.
      This is for processing error log of Visual Studio C++.

                '[0-9]+>(?P<file>.+)\((?P<line>[0-9]+)(,[0-9]+)?\):(?P<msg>.+$)'
* REefmMK 
    * Set g:regex\_efm\_config like below and run REefm.
      This is for processing error log of unix make with gcc.
        
                "(?P<file>.+):(?P<line>[0-9]+):(?P<msg>.+$)|make.+Entering directory [`'](?P<dir>.+)'"
* REefmPY 
    * Set g:regex\_efm\_config like below and run REefm.
      This is for processing error log of python.
      
                '^\s*File\s+"(?P<file>.+)", line (?P<line>[0-9]+), in .+$\s+(?P<msg>.+\n\S+.+|.+$)'
